Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: ed12f930-452b-41fe-9f27-d0baecfdd025
Review date: March 14, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0.0

Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

The In-App Purchase products in the app exhibited one or more bugs which create a poor user experience. Specifically, the purchase button was unresponsive. Review the details and resources below to troubleshoot this issue.

Review device details: 

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.3.1

Next Steps

Apple reviews In-App Purchase products in the sandbox and the In-App Purchase products do not need prior approval to function in review. Review the product configurations, complete any missing information, and test them in the sandbox.

To offer In-App Purchases in the app, the Account Holder must also accept the Paid Apps Agreement in the Business section of App Store Connect. Confirm you have a Paid Apps Agreement in effect.

If you still need assistance after completing the steps and reviewing the resources, visit the Apple Developer Forums. If you can’t find an answer from an existing thread, start a new thread with your question to get guidance from Apple engineers and other developers.

Resources

Learn more about app completeness requirements in guideline 2.1(b).
Guideline 2.1(b) - Performance - App Completeness

Issue Description

We are unable to complete the review of the app because one or more of the In-App Purchase products have not been submitted for review.

Specifically, the app includes references to subscriptions but the associated In-App Purchase products have not been submitted for review. 

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, please be sure to take action and submit your In-App Purchases and upload a new binary in App Store Connect so we can proceed with our review. 

Note you must provide an App Review screenshot in App Store Connect in order to submit In-App Purchases for review. Learn more about required In-App Purchase metadata.

Resources 

- Learn more about how to offer In-App Purchases.
- Learn more about submitting In-App Purchases and subscriptions to App Review.
Guideline 3.1.2(c) - Business - Payments - Subscriptions
Issue Description

The submission did not include all the required information for apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions.

The following information needs to be included within the app:

- A functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA)
- A functional link to the privacy policy

You can use SubscriptionStoreView to easily include all of the required information in the app's purchase flow.

The following information needs to be included in the App Store metadata:

- A functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA). If you are using the standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA), include a link to the Terms of Use in the App Description. If you are using a custom EULA, add it in App Store Connect.

Next Steps

Update the app and App Store metadata to include the information specified above.

Resources

Apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions must include all of the following required information in the app itself:

- Title of auto-renewing subscription (this may be the same as the In-App Purchase product name)
- Length of subscription
- Price of subscription, and price per unit if appropriate
- Functional links to the privacy policy and Terms of Use (EULA)

The app metadata must also include functional links to the privacy policy in the Privacy Policy field in App Store Connect and the Terms of Use (EULA) in the App Description or EULA field in App Store Connect.

Review Schedule 2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement to learn more.
Guideline 5.1.1(ii) - Legal - Privacy - Data Collection and Storage
Issue Description

One or more purpose strings in the app do not sufficiently explain the use of protected resources. Purpose strings must clearly and completely describe the app's use of data and, in most cases, provide an example of how the data will be used.

Next Steps

Update the photo library purpose string to explain how the app will use the requested information and provide a specific example of how the data will be used. See the attached screenshot.

Resources

Purpose strings must clearly describe how an app uses the ability, data, or resource. The following are hypothetical examples of unclear purpose strings that would not pass review: 

- "App would like to access your Contacts"
- "App needs microphone access"